---
layout: post
title:  "Discussion with Pillar staff"
date:   2019-03-28
categories: meeting minutes
---

We’re looking for support from the pillars to

1. recommend profs/ seniors to a human library session on W1,Thurs (23/5) concerned about the specific logistics of making this happen. Suggested having think tanks that are focused with profs from specific pillars/ topics for easier management.
2. contribute speakers for lightning talks, could be PhDs, profs that would like to share interesting projects etc on W2,Wednesday (29/5) with a focus on the SUTD experience that excite people
3. organise an experential session on what a pillar lesson might be like, subject to each pillar’s availability on the recommendations of the pillar reps. for W2, Wednesday (29/5)
EPD: what lab sessions might be like at ARMs
ESD: thumbles/ MSO game/ using R
ISTD: lab session, maybe adapt popular sessions
ASD: having them join an existing SUTDio session?
Communication method:
I’m asking them to let us take the lead in reaching out to the profs as they are generally more responsive towards students and i don’t want it to be a pillar head top-down thing.
So I’ll want to e-mail the pillars, perhaps with a short note from the pillar heads on how this might be relevant for them and then supplement with a more targeted approach to specific profs that they recommend.

Staff expressed concerns about
- Space available to host their pillar activities during the allocated time slots
- The expected number of faculty required

ESD: concern about space available, Thumbles is held at the staffroom area and can't accomodate many people
ISTD: several focus tracks make it hard to present a representative picture in just one experential session
ASD: agree that having students simply visit the studios wouldn't be helpful as ASD students would be busy working and one cannot simply jump into the design process without sufficient context 

To address the pillars’ concerns, please include the following into the overall plan
- Proposed space (for each pillar) – you can consider this point as an estimate for the possible number of sessions that can be conducted during the same time slot
- Proposed number of sessions (for each pillar)
- Proposed number of faculty (for each pillar)



FAQ:
What’s a human library?
Have speakers act as ‘books’ and you can ‘borrow’ their time. Execution-wise, have students ‘borrow’ the books for a fixed timeslot and rotate every hour. Possibly just have the professors at their office/ location of their choice and students can come by.

What are students concerned with?
As a freshmore people don’t have enough information of what they learn at pillars.
As seniors we hope that we can provide a fair representation of the pillars without being intimidating

What is openSUTD?

open regulation - students can easily navigate the ecosystem
open notes - students can tell ahead of time what to expect in courses and have better decisions as to what to choose/moderate commitment to fifth rows etc
projects - inter-batch collaboration and inspire freshmores
fifth row guides - for those that want to start something
